+ photo layout on secondary page (pinboard, all visible)
+ image gallery
    + fix $wide_tall to use relative urls (see /modernart.local/views/artist.php)
    + add square, centered and bg as per modernart
    + cleanup fullscreen transition
    + add $body
    + fix .centered
    - fix thumb click closure etc for img index #
+ replace X with a go back arrow or just remove X
x mobile for image pinboard
  full width and follow the text
x if no photos, the white space is too prominent
+ when texts are quite long after click need to scroll for photos
x don’t know if it could work as a parallel column to the text….
- sign pictures (PDF covers)
- click on date goes to that date
- page loading time debug
  ** mostly due to A-Z -- there must be a more efficient way
  have commented it out for the moment
- open records generator delete entries
- add dates on home
- adjust image gallery
- css 4 column float
- all links to open in new windows
  add a target to all a href elements? or all processed in markdown    
—

#031 Haroun Farocki screenings is a PDF with schedule. i attached the PDF as
i would an image file but no dice (broken link); is there a different way of
doing this here (i.e. unlike Bulls)


--

— we discussed the new list of years and means of using the single and 
double columns. she’s into that well enough, but when i was showing her the 
four column setting seemed notably thin and not entirely convincing so need 
a bit or work on that i think. as for the images, i was having a hard time 
recalling what we’d decided, if anything. mainly, whether we’re suggesting 
one immediately large image on most pages, or a range of small ones stacked 
(currently on the right but am not sure as it makes the whole thing still 
look very sparse, which is of course also a consequence of there not being 
many images to speak of even when ‘a lot’. she was into the BW imagery. 
incidentally, made me think that the images at the end of the PDF should 
also be BW, both to level em out as we’ve said, and also to make it cheaper 
for anyone printing off the document.

